Okay, that was riveting, right?
[LAUGH] Let's see if I can
do this in 10 seconds.
No, just kidding.
But it was pretty quick and
that was intentional.
I always liked the first exercise
to be pretty straightforward.
And I should probably count all that
by saying if it was not quick for
you, don't feel bad.
But this is what we're doing here
is adding a link to the post route.
So the link component comes
actually from react router and
it's just wrapped lightly by remix.
And so we have link to the post route.
So we're gonna slash posts.
And so if I save this and
come over here and click on blog posts,
that's gonna take me to a 404 page
cuz I haven't made that route yet.
So let's come back over here and
we're gonna make a new route
following the convention.
The file convention that
remix currently supports.
I say currently, because actually
in version two we're thinking about
switching this convention
a bit to make it scale better.
And just make it a little
bit nicer to work with.
And fun fact, you can actually
configure this convention yourself.
And somebody actually has built
a package that you can use to
use the convention that
we're thinking about today.
So if you wanted, it's a remix flat
files or something like that and
is what it's called.
But you can configure
routes at build time.
Programmatically within the remix.config.
If we do end up switching the remix
convention with the next version
of remix then we'll also release
a package that allows you.
To use the old convention so
you can upgrade and
not have to move your
files all over the place.
In addition we'll probably also have
a code mod that will automatically move
your files for you.
So don't worry remix is built by three.
Well, is headed by three people who
have been maintaining NPM packages for
a very long time.
We totally understand
how frustrating it is,
to have breaking changes that
like blow everything up.
So, yeah.
Ryan and Michael have been maintaining
react router for a long time.
It's used by, the majority of the react to
community I built a testing library also
used by the majority of
the react community.
We are very cognizant of
breaking changes and so
any breaking changes in V2 will have
a nice and smooth upgrade path.
So anyway this is the convention that
we have currently and it's nice.
So we're gonna make posts/index.jtsx and
this is the route module that's gonna be
rendered when the post route is active.
So coming back over to the readme I'm just
gonna copy this for our default export.
Default, function.
I'm gonna call this the posts route.
And there we go.
So now if I go to blog posts there it is,
posts, hooray, magic!
Cool.
That is it for this one any questions
about the file based routing convention.
Yes.
>> Flat routes what
are the received benefits.
>> Yeah, so the benefits will become
more clear when we start getting
into nested routing but a lot of it has
to do with the parent route is a module.
And then all of its children
go into a folder and
they're like separate in the file
system just the way it's organized.
And so it's kinda annoying
when you have a lot of routes.
So the flat file routes just allow
the parent route to be right
next to all of its children.
And in addition, when you get a sizable
application with a lot of routes,
you have just tons of folders to go
through and it's super annoying.
So this will help reduce that.
The the trade off, of course,
is now because they're flat,
you just have a lot of files
in a single directory.
And so this is why I think
it's actually quite nice
that you can configure the convention or
or
make make up your own convention
however you like in the remix config.
But even in the case where you've got
lots of files, I actually still think
that's not a big deal because what are you
trying to do you're on your day to day.
If you get a message from
your PM that says, hey,
we need you to update this
feature on this thing.
Well, it's always gonna come with
what page is this on, right?
And so,
your objective is how fast can I go from?
I know what page this is on to
the file that this code is in.
And in both cases just
having a convention makes it
really easy to find which
file you're looking for.
So I'm not super concerned about having
a directory with a ton of files in it.
And on top of that I believe
that the convention allows for
directories as well but we're not
gonna go too deep into that I tried to
avoid talking about things that
haven't shipped officially yet.
But I want you just to be aware
that the convention could change.
>> When using use loader data,
is there a way to show a spinner or
a loader to show the user that
the data is being loaded?
>> Yeah, so we're not gonna get
into showing loading spinners for
the loader today, but
in the advanced remix workshop, we do.
We talked about the different API,
which we'll use for that.